Your nose is bleeding!
Did you bump into something?!
Um…
I don't remember.
Of course not.
You're not supposed to.
Nice to meet you.
I am Stern Ritter "V,"
"Vanishing Point" Gwenael Lee.
STERN RITTER "V" – GWENAEL LEE
To you, my existence cannot be—
That's weird…
I thought I hit him.
– Yes, that's right…
– Lieutenant Kusajishi!
My powers are made up of
three versions.
Version 1: I can erase my form.
Version 2:
I can erase my existence.
Whoops.
Her reaction is getting faster.
In that case…
Version 3: I will erase
my existence even from your mind.
Wasn't someone just here?
Umm…
Oh, my darling, I don't even know
where my heart has gone
And I've forgotten
that dream I once had
Becoming an adult =
keeping a public face and bluffing?
Tell me, what is reflected
in the painted-over mirror?
Your photo is starting to fade
Leaving me, as I change
I'll shout at the top of my voice
as it pierces through the night
Burning my chest,
formless fear and all
It's okay if I can't laugh
like that day
Sadness, scars, everything…
I want to take them all with me
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
Let's try this again.
Nice to meet you.
Huh?
I thought I hit him.
W-What's with this one?!
She came at me on impulse!
What do you think you're doing?!
We don't know yet
if he's a friend or foe.
Yeah, but I'm pretty sure
he's an enemy.
I felt a tingle the moment
I saw him.
Huh?
She punched me
on pure instinct?!
Damn animal!
I was told that it's important
to trust these tingles.
Tingles that make you feel cold,
hot, or happy…
those kinds!
Kenny says that
when he finds someone like that,
he can't resist slaying them.
But Kenny's not here right now,
so he won't mind
if I slay this guy, right?
Die!
W-What the…?
Impossible!
I definitely dodged that sword!
It couldn't have struck me!
There's just no way!
You're right.
My sword strikes its target
whether they dodge it or not.
What…did you say?
My sword is a copycat.
There are copycats on the front
and back of my sword.
So the more you try to gauge
the distance and timing,
the more likely you are
to misjudge it and you get hit.
Okay, come on out…
Sanpo Kenju.
W-What the hell is that?!
Ready? And…
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
– Hey, hey! Hey, hey!
– Th-That's her Shikai…?
But her sword hasn't changed form.
It's not even
the materialization
of the Zanpakuto's true form
that is said to occur
through Bankai training.
I didn't know
such a Shikai existed…
Huh?
That's odd.
I thought I sliced you in half.
Fool!
Did you think I wouldn't
be able to dodge it
after you revealed how it works?!
This can't be happening…
Oh, but it is.
When did you
get inside the barrier?!
No way…
I fought really well, didn't I?
Yeah, you really did…
for a product of my imagination.
Wait…
With my powers,
these guys would be no—
Yes, your powers are amazing.
I mean,
you can erase your existence
from sight, mind, and memory.
See?
That's why…
you just disappeared
from my memory.
Gremmy!
I'm sorry.
I can no longer imagine
a future for you.
Just who are you?
Please step away from there…
Are you worried
about these captains?
Now!
Don't worry.
I already killed them.
No…
Huh?
My arm…
Imagine this…
What would happen
if the bone in your arm
was made of cookies?
Just now, you thought,
"it would naturally break apart," right?
This is what you imagined next…
"If the bone in my arm
was made of cookies,"
"then maybe the rest of my bones
are cookies, too."
In this world,
the greatest power of all
is the power of imagination.
Everything I imagine…
becomes reality.
What is this?
I came looking for Yachiru
because her Spiritual Pressure
felt wobbly,
but all I find is a kid acting up.
Kenny…!
C-Captain Zaraki…
U-Um…
Captain Unohana…is she…?
She's dead.
I…see…
I killed her.
If you hate me for it,
you can go ahead and kill me.
Thank goodness…
The fact that you killed her
means you've succeeded it…
…Captain Unohana's title.
Yeah, I did.
Hmm…
So this is Kenpachi Zaraki, huh?
You seem strong.
You're just as I imagined.
No!
POST INVASION – SEIREITEI STONE FORT
Okay.
I've set the stage for you.
After all,
you're the famous Kenpachi Zaraki.
It would be rude not to
welcome you on a grand stage.
What is all this?
Some kind of spell?
It's neither a spell
nor an illusion.
It's reality.
I am Gremmy, "The Visionary"
who turns fantasy into reality.
STERN RITTER "V" –
GREMMY THOUMEAUX
I think you're lucky
to be able to fight me…
because I think I am the strongest
of the Stern Ritters.
That so?
I'll say it again…
I can turn fantasy into reality.
See what I did just now?
I simply imagined that
my body was far stronger
than steel, and…
Come on…
If you're as hard as steel,
then you should've said so.
I would have just cut you
as if I was cutting steel
from the very beginning.
What's with the face?
Did you imagine that
I couldn't cut you?
Let me tell you something…
Your puny imagination
can't create anything
that I can't cut.
You know why?
Because I'm Kenpachi.
What is that thing?
What is going on?!
H-Hey…
This Spiritual Pressure…
It's Captain Zaraki!
– It's getting noisy down there…
– Captain Zaraki…
– Captain Zaraki is here!
– Let them be.
– Now we can win this war!
They think they can win the war
now that you're here.
They're free to imagine that.
You can heal your own wounds?
I can?
I guess you're right.
But all I did…
was imagine that my sword wound
had already healed.
My power probably sounds like
a bad joke to you, doesn't it?
People like you cannot understand
my power until you lose.
So come at me, Kenpachi Zaraki.
I won't say I'll take you on
with just a finger
or anything corny like that.
I won't use even a single finger.
I'll kill you using only
what's inside my head.
Your powers are ridiculous.
But…
I don't mind fighting against
something that's beyond reason!
What're you doing, Yachiru?
Take cover!
Don't be so hard on her.
Right now, because of my power,
every bone in her body
is made of cookies.
What the hell is a "cookie"?
You don't know what it is?
Maybe I should've gone with
Rakugan or something.
Rakugan, huh?
Then why didn't you just say so?
You sure do
beat around the bush!
Pretty absurd, isn't it?
The air you jumped up into
was already underwater.
Now die a slow death,
surrounded by water and crushed
by the cracks in the earth.
No matter what kind of
monster you are,
one hour should be plenty.
Seems like Yachiru's bones
are back to normal.
Were you so desperate to beat me
that you couldn't use your mind
on Yachiru?
Sheesh…
You know,
the world speaks badly of those
who cannot do anything
more than imagine.
But when you see someone
who can do anything
with just their imagination…
it makes you realize
just how peaceful it was
when they couldn't do anything.
Kotetsu's Spiritual Pressure
is still present.
Go down and get your arm fixed.
Okay!
What is it you want to do with me?
You want to fight, right?
Fight…?
What was it you called yourself?
Aren't you the strongest Quincy?
If you're the strongest,
don't you want to crush
the strongest?
So come on!
Let's start the battle.
You can't call it a real battle
if you're distracted by someone
other than the enemy
right in front of you,
now would you?!
What was that?
What did this guy just say?
"If you're the strongest,"
"don't you want to crush
the strongest?"
I never thought of
something like that.
Nobody ever tried to
lay a finger on me.
Because it's obvious.
It's obvious that
I'm the strongest.
That's why…
there's no need for me
to prove it by killing somebody.
That's why I've never felt
the desire to crush anyone.
So then, why…?
Why do I want to…
…crush this guy so badly?!
You used…
your hands.
That's a good look.
Looks like this thing is
finally going to have some fun.
"A good look"?
I don't know
how I look right now,
but it's strange…
Why do I…
Why do I feel so…
good right now?!
That was lame…
I thought I told you,
I can cut through even steel!
I can't pull it out!
That was lame…
I thought I told you,
cutting me is useless.
Crap…!
Too slow!
I realized too late
that I had been cut!
In that momentary lapse,
I will be struck by
his next blow!
No way…
Why can't I stop his sword?
Am I really going to lose
to this guy?
This can't be happening…
This can't be happening!
What's wrong?
Did you imagine yourself losing?
He's right…
Thank you.
For what?
I was able to completely wipe away
any thoughts of my death
thanks to your words.
I can no longer die.
You'll regret this.
I never did!
Let me return the favor…
by showing you my greatest power.
Is that a doppelganger?
It's not a doppelganger.
I can even create life
with my imagination.
Neither of us can be cut.
Neither of us will die.
And…
– the power of
– my imagination
– simply doubles.
What the hell is that?
A meteor.
You can disappear along with
the Seireitei itself.
I will be the only one
who survives among the rubble.
A meteor?
I've never cut one of those before.
Isn't this exciting, Nozarashi?
W-We're doomed…
It's coming down on us!
We're going to die…!
We're all going to die!
Let's just say, for example,
that it isn't just my imagination…
Suppose you managed to kill me
right now.
It would be useless.
The meteor is already a reality—
it won't go away.
It'll fall and wipe everybody out.
I'll be the only one alive,
just as I imagined.
You see? There's nothing
you can do about it…
Kenpachi Zaraki.
"Nothing you can do about it"?
Sure. Maybe for you.
Drink…
Nozarashi!
Where'd you come from, kid?
Hey, kid…
What's your name?
You don't have one?
Neither do I.
You damn monster!
Calm down.
It's simple, really.
There is nothing I cannot cut.
You're right…
That is simple.
Increasing your numbers…
won't change a thing!
It will.
If there is nothing you cannot cut,
then I will kill you with…
…something without form!
Die in the vacuum of outer space!
In the vacuum of space,
your body fluids evaporate
and your blood begins to boil.
Your bodily tissues will collapse
and you'll die a slow death.
That is, of course,
if you remain conscious until then.
What—?!
What's wrong?
You forgot to…
harden your body.
What's that?
What the hell?
You really are a monster.
Fine…
In that case,
I'll just have to become
stronger than you!
I want to win…
I want to win!
For the first time in my life,
I want to beat someone.
I will crush you
and prove my strength!
To you!
You turned me into a monster
inside your own head.
That same monster
is what just killed you.
You stupid fool…
All at once, the lights went out
Reminding me
with a voice
and I cannot move
Unable to convey even a millimeter
of the lines that I dubbed
All lines
that I don't want to forget
Rewound
Repeated
Became a mark
And I notice the dust
I wait and wait
But it won't start
If it's already ended
I give up
But can I
borrow your shoulder?
With that knife
that was left behind
Pierce it through
Still
in the middle of a dream,
We kept searching
For the scar that
the revolving world remembers
With just the strong desire
to keep on living
We'll choose a tomorrow
that will not return
In just a little while
The final curtain will fall
Shining upon us
The blurred end roll
Was I killed by
my own imagination?
No, that's not it.
No, Kenpachi Zaraki.
My imagination was correct.
Too correct, in fact.
I was able to correctly imagine
all of your powers.
But the one thing…
I couldn't imagine correctly
was that only your body
can withstand your powers.
It wasn't my power of imagination
that lost to you.
It was this body of mine.
No, that is an excuse, isn't it?
Aw…damn it…
I wanted to win so badly…!
What the hell…is that?
I told you.
I would kill you
without using a single finger.
Even this body of mine
is all a product of my imagination.
Exactly like I said…
I didn't use a single finger
against you.
Although I was the one who died.
Ah…
Seems like my imagination
is at its limit…
It's going to be sad…
imagining what lies ahead,
a world where I can no longer
imagine anything.
"Struck by thunder,
you're on your knees."
"That is my desire."